When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
How would your country change if everyone, regardless of age, could vote?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
Where do you get your news?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
What’s wrong but sounds right?
What’s the most epic way you’ve seen someone quit or be fired?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What’s the most creative use of emojis you’ve ever seen?
What’s something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
What’s the best / worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What “old person” things do you do?
What was the last photo you took?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you’ve seen?
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
What’s the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What obstacles would be included in the World’s most amazing obstacle course?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
What riddles do you know?
What’s your cure for hiccups?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
Do you think that aliens exist?
What are you currently worried about?
What’s the most interesting building you’ve ever seen or been in?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
What are your most important rules when going on a date?
How do you judge a person?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What was the most unsettling film you’ve seen?
What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn’t?
Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What’s something people don’t worry about but really should?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?
What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?
What’s the funniest actual name you’ve heard of someone having?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What problem are you currently grappling with?
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn’t fit the role?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What’s the most comfortable bed or chair you’ve ever been in?
What’s the craziest conversation you’ve overheard?
What’s the hardest you’ve ever worked?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?
What’s the most addicted to a game you’ve ever been?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?
Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?
Do you eat food that’s past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What’s the funniest comedy skit you’ve seen?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?
What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?
What’s the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
What’s the most interesting documentary you’ve ever watched?
What was the last song you sung along to?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve done or had happen while your mind was wandering?
What app can you not believe someone hasn’t made yet?
When was the last time you face palmed?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
What really needs to be modernized?
When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
What’s your worst example of procrastination?
Who has zero filter between their brain and mouth?
What was your most recent lie?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve seen someone get upset about?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What’s the most pleasant sounding accent?
What’s something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?
What country is the strangest?
What’s the funniest word in the English language?
What’s some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can’t seem to get to sleep?
If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?
What are some of the best vacations you’ve had?
If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?
What’s the craziest video you’ve ever seen?
What’s your “Back in my day, we…”?
If you could know the truth behind every conspiracy, but you would instantly die if you hinted that you knew the truth, would you want to know?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever had?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn’t need to pay taxes on but couldn’t sell, what would you do with it?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
What’s the opposite of a koala?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?
What’s the most ridiculous animal on the planet?
What’s the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?
What’s the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
When was a time you acted nonchalant but were going crazy inside?
What’s about to get much better?
What are some clever examples of misdirection you’ve seen?
What’s your funniest story involving a car?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?
Do you think that humans will ever be able to live together in harmony?
What would your perfect bar look like?
What’s the scariest nonhorror movie?
What’s the most amazing true story you’ve heard?
What’s the grossest food that you just can’t get enough of?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What’s the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
What was one of the most interesting concerts you’ve been to?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What do you think could be done to improve the media?
What’s the most recent show you’ve binge watched?
What’s the worst movie trope?
What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What’s the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What’s the most annoying noise?
What’s your haunted house story?
What did you Google last?
What’s the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
If money and practicality weren’t a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
What’s the longest rabbit hole you’ve been down?
What’s the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?
What’s the most frustrating product you own?
What inconsequential super power would you like to have?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What odd smell do you really enjoy?
What’s the coolest animal you’ve seen in the wild?
What’s the best lesson you’ve learned from a work of fiction?
What food do you crave most often?
Who in your life has the best / worst luck?
What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?
What’s your best story of you or someone else trying to be sneaky and failing miserably?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a kid do?
What’s your secret talent?
What’s the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
What’s the most beautiful beach you’ve been to?
What’s the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What’s something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?
What trend are you tired of?
What’s incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What’s your grossest bug story?
What would the adult version of an ice-cream truck sell and what song would it play?
What company do you despise?
When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?
What would be an accurate tag line for each month?
What’s the most overrated product out on the market?
What word do you always misspell?
What naps are the most satisfying?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found lying on the ground / side of the road?
What’s the funniest TV show you’ve ever seen?
What’s the most embarrassing story from your childhood?
What animal is the most majestic?
What’s something that everyone knows is true, but we don’t like to admit it?
What’s the weirdest text or email you’ve gotten?
What always cheers you up when you think about it?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren’t a professional athlete?
If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn’t understand them, what would you do with that power?
What’s the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
What’s the creepiest tech out there?
Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
What animal would you most like to eat?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
What would the box with all your hopes and dreams inside look like?
What was the worst shopping experience you’ve ever had?
What story you’ve heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
If you lived in a virtual reality world of your own creation, what would it look like?
What escalated very quickly?
What two things are terrible when separate but great when you put them together?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
What big event do you think will happen soon that most people aren’t expecting?
What still makes you cringe when you think back on it?
What current trend makes no sense to you?
If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve?
Which celebrity is the most likely to have a collection of canes that are just for show?
What’s the weirdest crush you’ve had?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What’s your go to casino game?
An epic feast is held in your honor, what’s on the table?
What’s your favorite holiday movie?
Who is the most manipulative person you’ve ever met?
Who is the most creative person you know?
What’s the funniest pick up line you’ve heard?
What seemingly innocent question makes you think “It’s a trap!”?
How ambitious are you?
What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?
What elements of pop culture will be forever tied in your mind to your childhood?
What’s your good luck charm?
What’s legal now, but probably won’t be in 25 years?
Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn’t turn the ability off?
When was the last time you stayed up through the entire night?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?
What’s the oldest thing you own?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
Where is the best place you’ve been for taking walks?
If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?
What from the present will withstand the test of time?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
What’s the weirdest conversation you’ve eavesdropped on?
What just around the corner tech are you eager to get your hands on?
What was the darkest movie you’ve ever seen?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?
What’s the most disgusting sounding word in the English language?
What was ruined because it became popular?
What outdated slang do you use on a regular basis?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What’s your best example of easy come, easy go?
What small change greatly improves a person’s appearance?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?
What do a lot of people hope will happen but is just not going to happen?
What’s the weirdest thing that has happened to you while working at your job?
What questions would you like to ask a time traveler from 200 years in the future?
Which way should toilet paper hang, over or under?
What’s the most physically painful thing you’ve ever experienced?
What horror story do you have from a job you’ve had?
What’s the most rage inducing game you’ve ever played?
What’s the biggest overreaction you’ve ever seen?
What are some of the most common misconceptions?
What job doesn’t exist now but will exist in the future?
What awful movie do you love?
What normally delicious food gets ruined when you wrap it in a tortilla?
What’s your best example of fake it till you make it?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What’s something commonly done that gets progressively weirder the more you think about it?
If you were given unlimited resources, how would you lure the worst of humanity into one stadium at the same time?
What do you think about when you hear the word “classy”?
What near future predictions do you have?
What do you need help with most often?
What piece of “art” would you create if you had to pretend to be an artist and submit something to a gallery?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
What’s the best and worst thing about the country you are from?
If you were in charge renaming things so that their names would be more accurate, what names would you come up with?
What’s better broken than whole?
What values are most important to you?
What’s the best sandwich you’ve ever had?
What’s the worst thing you ate from a fast food restaurant?
What’s something that I don’t know?
What profession doesn’t get enough credit or respect?
What memory of yours feels real but is most likely false?
What’s your “and then it got worse” story?
What was the most amazing physical feat you’ve managed to pull off?
What’s the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?
What would be the most unsettling thing to keep occasionally finding around your house?
What nicknames do you have for people in your life?
What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it’s not anatomically feasible or it’s socially frowned upon?
How much do you plan / prepare for the future?
What do you hate most and love most about your car?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn’t exist would you like to try?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve convinced someone of?
How much do you think names affect the outcomes of people’s lives?
What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?
What’s the shadiest thing you’ve seen someone do?
What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren’t sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?
What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?
What are some of the dumbest lyrics you’ve heard in a song?
Where’s the line between soup and cereal?
What word do you always mispronounce?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?
What’s the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?
How much of your body would you cybernetically enhance if you could?
If you wanted to slowly drive a roommate insane using only notes, what kind of notes would you leave around the house?
If you had a giraffe that you needed to hide, where would you hide it?
What’s the clumsiest thing you’ve done?
What songs do you only know the chorus to?
Think of a brand, now what would an honest slogan for that brand be?
What’s something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What’s the most amazing place in nature you’ve been?
What’s quickly becoming obsolete?
Where is the most uncomfortable place you have ever slept?
What’s the most annoying animal you’ve encountered?
What’s your best example of correlation not equaling causation?
In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?
When was the last time you were hopelessly lost?
What songs do you feel compelled to sing along with when you hear them, even if you don’t totally know all the words?
What product do you wish a company would make a “smart” version of?
What two films would you like to combine into one?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?
When’s censorship warranted?
What’s the most boring super hero you can come up with?
What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
What actors or actresses can’t play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
Where’s your go to restaurant for amazing food?
What’s something that all your friends agree on?
What’s your best story from a wedding?
What’s are some of your Pavlovian responses?
If you didn’t have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?
What’s your favorite piece of clothing you own / owned?
What hobby would you get into if time and money weren’t an issue?
What would your perfect room look like?
How often do you play sports?
What fictional place would you most like to go?
What job would you be terrible at?
When was the last time you climbed a tree?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, what would you have a good chance at winning medal for?
What is the most annoying habit that other people have?
What job do you think you’d be really good at?
What skill would you like to master?
What would be the most amazing adventure to go on?
If you had unlimited funds to build a house that you would live in for the rest of your life, what would the finished house be like?
What’s your favorite drink?
What state or country do you never want to go back to?
What songs have you completely memorized?
What game or movie universe would you most like to live in?
What do you consider to be your best find?
Are you usually early or late?
What pets did you have while you were growing up?
When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?
What takes up too much of your time?
What do you wish you knew more about?
What would be your first question after waking up from being cryogenically frozen for 100 years?
What are some small things that make your day better?
Who’s your go to band or artist when you can’t decide on something to listen to?
What shows are you into?
What TV channel doesn’t exist but really should?
Who has impressed you most with what they’ve accomplished?
What age do you wish you could permanently be?
What TV show or movie do you refuse to watch?
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
What is something that is considered a luxury, but you don’t think you could live without?
What’s your claim to fame?
What’s something you like to do the old-fashioned way?
What’s your favorite genre of book or movie?
How often do you people watch?
What have you only recently formed an opinion about?
What’s the best single day on the calendar?
What are you interested in that most people haven’t heard of?
How do you relax after a hard day of work?
What was the best book or series that you’ve ever read?
What’s the farthest you’ve ever been from home?
What is the most heartwarming thing you’ve ever seen?
What is the most annoying question that people ask you?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?
What is something you think everyone should do at least once in their lives?
Would you rather go hang gliding or whitewater rafting?
What’s your dream car?
What’s worth spending more on to get the best?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with but you just don’t get the point of?
What are you most looking forward to in the next 10 years?
Where is the most interesting place you’ve been?
What’s something you’ve been meaning to try but just haven’t gotten around to it?
What’s the best thing that happened to you last week?
What piece of entertainment do you wish you could erase from your mind so that you could experience for the first time again?
If all jobs had the same pay and hours, what job would you like to have?
What amazing thing did you do that no one was around to see?
How different was your life one year ago?
What’s the best way to start the day?
What quirks do you have?
What would you rate 10 / 10?
What fad or trend do you hope comes back?
What’s the most interesting piece of art you’ve seen?
What kind of art do you enjoy most?
What do you hope never changes?
What city would you most like to live in?
What movie title best describes your life?
Why did you decide to do the work you are doing now?
What’s the best way a person can spend their time?
If you suddenly became a master at woodworking, what would you make?
Where is the most relaxing place you’ve ever been?
What is the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
Where would you rather be from?
What are some things you’ve had to unlearn?
What are you looking forward to in the coming months?
What website do you visit most often?
What one thing do you really want but can’t afford?
Where do you usually go when you when you have time off?
Where would you spend all your time if you could?
What is special about the place you grew up?
What age do you want to live to?
What are you most likely to become famous for?
What are you absolutely determined to do?
What is the most impressive thing you know how to do?
What do you wish you knew more about?
What question would you most like to know the answer to?
What question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
When was the last time you changed your opinion / belief about something major?
What was the best compliment you’ve received?
As the only human left on Earth, what would you do?
Who inspires you to be better?
What do you want your epitaph to be?
What did you think you would grow out of but haven’t?
In what situation or place would you feel the most out of place in?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done that actually turned out pretty well?
They say that everyone has a book in them. What would your book be about?
What is something you will NEVER do again?
What do you spend the most time thinking about?
What are some of the events in your life that made you who you are?
What do you wish your brain was better at doing?
There are two types of people in this world. What are the two types?
What is the strangest thing you have come across?
What is something you are certain you’ll never experience?
What dumb accomplishment are you most proud of?
If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?
What are you addicted to?
What stereotype do you completely live up to?
What is something you can never seem to finish?
As you get older, what are you becoming more and more afraid of?
What is one of your favorite smells?
What would be the scariest monster you could imagine?
What song or artist do you like but rarely admit to liking?
What would you do if you knew you were going to die in one hour?
What book impacted you the most?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
If life is a game, like some people say, what are some of the rules?
Who is / was your most interesting friend?
Have you ever given to any charities?
What is something that your friends would consider “so you”?
What risks are worth taking?
What can you not get right, no matter how many times you try?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?
What do you take for granted?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
What’s something you are self-conscious about?
What personality trait do you value most and which do you dislike the most?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
What gets you fired up?
What challenging thing are you working through these days?
What irrational fear do you have?
What’s the best and worst piece of advice you’ve ever received?
If you had a clock that would countdown to any one event of your choosing, what event would you want it to countdown to?
What makes a good life?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What’s the last adventure you went on?
When do you feel truly “alive”?
What was the most memorable gift you’ve received?
What chapters would you separate your autobiography into?
What do you like most about your family?
What do you hope your last words will be?
What stat for your life would you most like to see?
What are three of the most significant numbers in your life?
What could you do with two million dollars to impact the most amount of people?
If you were put into solitary confinement for six months, what would you do to stay sane?
What’s something horrible that everyone should try at least once?
What fact are your resigned to?
Have you ever saved someone’s life?
What were some of the turning points in your life?
What would a mirror opposite of yourself be like?
What are you really good at, but kind of embarrassed that you are good at it?
What are three interesting facts about you?
Which of your scars has the best story behind it?
What’s the title of the current chapter of your life?
What’s the hardest lesson you’ve learned?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What do people think is weird about you?
When people look at you, what do you think they see / think?
What have you created that you are most proud of?
If you could make a 20 second phone call to yourself at any point in your life present or future, when would you call and what would you say?
What annoys you most about the in-groups you are a part of?
What do you have doubts about?
What do you want to be remembered for?
What are some of your personal “rules” that you never break?
What do you regret not doing or starting when you were younger?
If you could have a never-ending candle that smelled like anything you wanted, what fragrance would you want it to be?
What’s the best thing about you?
What bends your mind every time you think about it?
What’s the best thing you got from your parents?
What’s one responsibility you really wish you didn’t have?
What is the “holy grail” of your life?
If your childhood had a smell, what would it be?
What are the top three things you want to accomplish before you die? How close are you to accomplishing them?
What do you wish you could tell yourself 10 years ago? What do you think you’ll want to tell your current self 10 years from now?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
Among your friends or family, what are you famous for?
What is the biggest lesson you never learned?
What’s the most immature thing that you do?
If your life was a book, what would its title be?
What’s the best and worst thing about getting older?
What’s something that happened or something that someone said that changed how you view the world?
What are you most likely very wrong about?
If you had a personal flag, what would be on it?
What lifestyle change have you been meaning to make for a while now?
What would be your spirit animal?
What incredibly strong opinion or belief do you have that is completely unimportant in the grand scheme of things?
What chance encounter changed your life forever?
If you could have a video of any one event in your life, what event would you choose?
If you were forced to relive one 10-minute block of your life again and again for all eternity, what 10 minutes of your life would you choose?
How do you hope you’ll change as a person in the future?
What keeps you up at night?
What’s the most surprising self-realization you’ve had?
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve done?
What lie do you tell most often?
What do you regret not doing?
What gives your life meaning?
What do you most often look down on people for? What do you think other people look down on you for?
What bridges do you not regret burning?
What are you most insecure about?
How do you get in the way of your own success?
What’s one thing you did that you really wish you could go back and undo?
What are you afraid people see when they look at you?
What do you like to do in your free time?
Are you more of an indoors or outdoors person?
Who is the most fascinating person you’ve met?
What was the last book you really got into?
What are some movies you really enjoyed?
What amazing adventures have you been on?
What pets have you had?
What’s your favorite alcoholic and non-alcoholic drink?
What are you kind of obsessed with these days?
Where have you traveled?
What’s your favorite international food?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
What’s your favorite restaurant?
How many siblings do you have?
What would be your dream job?
What would you do if had enough money to not need a job?
Who is your favorite author?
What was the last show you binge-watched?
What TV series do you keep coming back to and re-watching?
What hobbies would you like to get into if you had the time and money?
If there was an Olympics for everyday activities, what activity would you have a good chance at winning a medal in?
What would your perfect vacation look like?
Among your friends, what are you best known for?
What music artist do you never get tired of?
What are some accomplishments that you are really proud of?
What are some obscure things that you are or were really into?
What are some things everyone should try at least once?
What fad did you never really understand?
What’s the best thing that has happened to you this month?
What would your perfect morning be like?
Is there any art or artist you are really into?
What are you always game for?
What do you do to unwind?
What’s your favorite app on your phone?
Cutest animal? Ugliest animal?
Who is the kindest person you know?
What’s your favorite piece of furniture you’ve ever owned?
Who are your kind of people?
Where’s the strangest place you’ve ever been?
What’s the silliest fear you have?
What would be the best city to live in?
What household chore is just the worst?
If you could give yourself a nickname, what nickname would you want people to call you?
What odd talent do you have?
If you could give everyone just one piece of advice, what would it be?
What would you like to know more about, but haven’t had the time to look into it?
What country do you never want to visit?
What wrong assumptions do people make about you?
Do you prefer to work in a team or alone?
What has been the best period of your life so far?
How have you changed from when you were in high school?
How techie are you?
Where is the most fun place around where you live?
Have you ever joined any meetup groups?
Where would your friends or family be most surprised to find you?
What’s the most relaxing situation you could imagine?
What is the most beautiful view you’ve seen?
What’s expensive but totally worth it?
When do you feel most out of place?
What’s the most recent thing you’ve done for the first time?
How did you come to love your one of your favorite musicians?
How did you meet your best friend?
What small seemingly insignificant decision had a massive impact on your life?
Where would you move if you could move anywhere in the world and still find a job and maintain a reasonable standard of living?
What did you do last summer?
If you lived to 100, would you rather keep the body or the mind of yourself at 30 until you were 100?
Before you make a call, do you rehearse what you are going to say?
What are you most grateful for?
What’s the most essential part of a friendship?
When was the last time you sang to yourself or to someone else?
If you knew you were going to die in a year, what would you change about how you live?
When was the last time you walked for more than an hour?
What did you do for (last holiday)? Or What will you do for (next closest holiday)?
Best and worst flavor ice cream? What would make for an excellent new ice cream flavor?
Who’s your favorite actor or actress?
What’s the strangest phone conversation you’ve ever had?
How much personal space do you need to be comfortable?
What’s the most interesting fact you know?
What fad or trend have you never been able to understand?
Who’s your favorite character from a TV show, movie, or book?
What TV shows did you watch when you were a kid?
What do you like but are kind of embarrassed to admit?
What’s your favorite smell?
What skill or ability have you always wanted to learn?
What’s the best meal you’ve ever had?
Where was your favorite place to go when you were a kid?
What’s the most amount of people you had to present something in front of?
If you could go back in time as an observer, no one could see you, and you couldn’t interact with anything, when would you want to go back to?
What’s something that most people haven’t done, but you have?
What says the most about a person?
What machine or appliance in your house aggravates you the most?
What places have you visited that exceeded your expectations?
If you opened a business, what type of business would you start?
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
What’s the best road trip you’ve been on?
If you found a briefcase filled with 1 million in 100$ bills in front of your door, what would you do with it?
What’s the worst advice someone has given you?
Besides your home and your work, where do you spend most of your time?
If you could have the answer to any one question, what question would you want the answer to?
What are your top 3 favorite things to talk about?
What do you care least about?
Where would you like to retire?
Who is the most bizarre person you’ve met?
What are people often surprised to learn about you?
Would you rather live full time in an RV or full time on a sailboat?
What would you do with the extra time if you never had to sleep?
When you were a kid, what seemed like the best thing about being a grown up?
What’s the strangest way you’ve become friends with someone?
What’s your go-to series or movie when you want to watch something but can’t find anything to watch?
What were some of the turning points in your life?
What companies made you so mad that you would rather suffer bodily harm than give them any more of your money?
What small things brighten up your day when they happen?
What sports would be funniest if the athletes had to be drunk while playing?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve done because you were bored?
If you could send one letter to yourself in the past without the goal of making yourself rich (no lotto numbers, stock picks, etc.), what age would you choose and what would the letter say?
How many other countries have you visited?
What’s your favorite band NAME (not necessarily your favorite band)?
What do you miss about life 10 or 20 years ago?
What’s your favorite holiday?
What’s getting worse and worse as you get older? What’s getting better and better as you get older?
Where’s the best place in (your town or city) to have a picnic?
What’s your favorite thing to do outdoors? How about indoors?
What do you never get tired of?
What habit do you wish you could start?
What’s the best way to get to know who someone really is?
What’s the last new thing you tried?
Who besides your parents taught you the most about life?
When are you the most “you” that you can be? In other words, when do you feel most like yourself?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve done?
What’s happening now, that in 20 years people will look back on and laugh about?
How much social interaction is too much?
How different do you act when you are with acquaintances vs. people you are comfortable with?
On a weekend or holiday, what’s the best time of day and the best time of night?
What are you looking forward to that’s happening soon?
What really cheesy song do you love?
What’s the worst or best job you’ve had?
What’s been the most significant plot twist in your own life?
Where did you take family vacations to when you were younger?
What’s your go-to funny story?
If the company you work for / the college you go to had an honest slogan, what would it be?
If you could instantly receive a Ph.D. in any discipline including all the knowledge and experience that goes along with it, what would your Ph.D. be in?
How well do you cope when you don’t have your phone with you for an extended period of time?
What were some of the happiest times of your life so far?
Would you rather have an incredibly fast car or incredibly fast internet speed?
What are the top three social situations you try to avoid most?
What friendship you’ve had has impacted you the most?
What’s something you’re interested in that most people wouldn’t expect?
What’s your favorite quote or saying?
If you had the power to change one law, what law would you change?
What’s the hardest you’ve worked for something?
What took you way too long to figure out?
What nicknames have you had throughout your life?
What do you do differently than most people?
Where’s the last place you’d ever go?
What fact floored you when you heard it?
If you unexpectedly won 10,000$, what would you spend it on?
Who is the best role model a person could have?
What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Where did you go last weekend? What did you do?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What is something that is popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
What was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?
What’s the best / worst thing about your work / school?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
What’s your favorite number? Why?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
Have you ever saved an animal’s life? How about a person’s life?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever spoke in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time / day?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What’s your favorite season? Why?
Which is more important, a great car or a great house? Why?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured? By that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
How often do you curse?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What was the best time period of your life? What do you think will be the best time period of your entire life?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
Who is someone who is popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Where is the best place to take a date?
What smell brings back great memories?
How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?
What are you best at?
What makes you nervous?
Who, besides your parents, had the biggest impact on your life?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
If you could bring back one TV show that was cancelled, which one would you bring back?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
What’s the best sitcom past or present?
What’s the best show currently on TV?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What do you think about reality TV? Why is it so popular?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
What will be the future of TV shows?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?
What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?
What is the most overrated movie?
What’s your favorite genre of movie?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?
What was the last book you read?
What book has had the biggest impact on your life?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
What is the longest book you have read?
What was the worst book you had to read for school? How about the best book you had to read for school?
What book genres do you like to read?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
What book has influenced you the most?
What book has had the biggest effect on the modern world?
Do you think people read more or less books now than 50 years ago?
How fast do you read?
How often do you go to the library?
Now that indie publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
What was the last song you listened to?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s. Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
Do you like classical music?
What’s the best way to discover new music?
How has technology changed the music industry?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What’s the most addictive mobile game you have played?
An app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing. What does it do?
How many apps do you have on your phone?
What is the most annoying app you have tried?
Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?
What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?
Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What apps have changed your life a lot?
What do app makers do that really annoys you?
How often do you check your phone?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
What was your first smart phone? How did you feel when you got it?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
What kind of case do you have for your phone? Why did you choose it?
Do you text more or call more? Why?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What sports do you like to watch?
Who are some of your favorite athletes?
Which sports do you like to play?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?
Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?
What do you think the oldest sport still being played is?
How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?
Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is playing the video game or sport more fun? Why?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
What is the best restaurant in your area?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
What was your favorite restaurant when you were in university? How about when you were a child?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
What is the most disgusting thing you have heard about that happened at a restaurant?
Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Where is the most awe inspiring place you have been?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
What do you think of tour group packages?
Where would you like to travel next?
What was the most over hyped place you’ve traveled to?
What’s the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What scifi movie or book would you like the future to be like?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
Do you care about fashion? What style of clothes do you usually wear?
What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned? Why were they so good?
What is your favorite shirt?
What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?
Does fashion help society in any way?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers, or consumers?
What old trend is coming back these days?
If you didn’t care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
How do clothes change how the opposite sex views a person?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What personal goals do you have?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
Have your parents influenced what goals you have?
Do you usually achieve goals you set? Why or why not?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
What are some goals you have failed to accomplish?
When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?
What are your goals for the next two years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How much do you plan for the future?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
What’s the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What’s the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
What do you like to do in spring?
Did your family take seasonal vacations?
Do you feel like fall and spring are getting shorter?
Which season are you most active in?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?
What is the biggest holiday for your family?
Do you wish there were more or less holidays? Why?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
What is your favorite holiday?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?
What holidays have been over commercialized?
If some of the lesser known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?
What do you think of online education?
How can governments make education more efficient?
What do you think of standardized tests?
How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?
Are bigger or small schools better?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
What will the future of education be?
What do you think of homeschooling?
How has the education you received changed your life?
What or who has taught you most of the